Added RDS Custom for SQL Server example (#33315)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-aws: website/docs/r/db_instance.html.markdown

resource "aws_db_instance" "default" {
  allocated_storage           = 50

>   auto_minor_version_upgrade  = false                         # Custom for SQL Server not support minor version upgrades
>   custom_iam_instance_profile = "AWSRDSCustomInstanceProfile" # Instance profile is required for Custom for SQL Server. See: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/custom-setup-orcl.html#custom-setup-orcl.iam-vpc

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  auto_minor_version_upgrade  = false                         # Custom for Oracle does not support minor version upgrades
  custom_iam_instance_profile = "AWSRDSCustomInstanceProfile" # Instance profile is required for Custom for Oracle. See: https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonRDS/latest/UserGuide/custom-setup-orcl.html#custom-setup-orcl.iam-vpc
```

}
```

### RDS Custom for SQL Server

```terraform
# Lookup the available instance classes for the custom engine for the region being operated in
data "aws_rds_orderable_db_instance" "custom-sqlserver" {
  engine                     = "custom-sqlserver-se" # CEV engine to be used
  engine_version             = "115.00.4249.2.cev1"  # CEV engine version to be used
  storage_type               = "gp3"
  preferred_instance_classes = ["db.r5.24xlarge", "db.r5.16xlarge", "db.r5.12xlarge"]
}

# The RDS instance resource requires an ARN. Look up the ARN of the KMS key.
data "aws_kms_key" "by_id" {
  key_id = "example-ef278353ceba4a5a97de6784565b9f78" # KMS key
}

resource "aws_db_instance" "example" {
  allocated_storage           = 500

>   auto_minor_version_upgrade  = false                               # Custom for Oracle not support minor version upgrades

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  auto_minor_version_upgrade  = false                               # Custom for SQL Server does not support minor version upgrades
```

Reviewer: DB engine to match section header.
